[Feat] document features in notes for first general release (#81)
libremfg/libremfg.github.io: content/releases/3-0.md

- **A backend for custom MES and MOM applications**. As the data hub has a message broker and real-time database, operators can program custom level-three applications for functions such as track and trace, material genealogy, electronic batch record creation, and KPI calculations.
- **An integrator of legacy systems**. Rhize accepts data from legacy systems and converts them to a standardized schema. Thus, it serves as a hub to communicate between legacy systems in ways that would otherwise be impossible or very difficult.

## Features

Each of the following features supports Rhize's key design goals:
- Provide a highly reliable means to collect manufacturing data from varied sources
- Standardize this data in a way that accurately places it within an _event_ in the context of an entire manufacturing operation
- Offer a programmable engine to write custom logic to process the data and send it between systems

> - Support being built on top of it, where Rhize serves as the backend for MES/MOM frontends

Author: ```suggestion
- Serve as a complete backend application and architecture for MES/MOM frontends
```

- Expose this system through an interface that is accessible to the widest number of stakeholders in the manufacturing operation.

### Modelling UI

> The Admin UI provides a graphical way to model and store the objects in your manufacturing process that change infrequently. Without needing programming knowledge, your operators can use the Admin UI to define the items in your role-based equipment hierarchy. For example, you can create and associate equipment with equipment classes, hierarchy scopes, data sources, and segments. 

Author: ```suggestion
The Admin UI  is a graphical interface to model and store the objects in your manufacturing process. Without needing programming knowledge, your operators can use the Admin UI to define the items in your role-based equipment hierarchy. For example, you can create and associate equipment with equipment classes, hierarchy scopes, data sources, and segments―all the objects that change infrequently.
```

### Backend for MES applications

With the knowledge graph, message broker, and event handler, Rhize also provides all the components necessary to write custom applications for Manufacturing Execution Systems.
Rather than rely on a vendor to sell an MES system that prescribes exactly what data it can use and how it can use this data, use Rhize to build the custom MES frontend of your choice.

Combined with rapid prototyping and low-code tools, you can use Rhize to build MES applications quickly and iterate on them as your operators use them in production.

### Audit trails

Manufacturing often happens in strict regulatory environments and in systems where security is critical.

The Rhize audit log maintains a record of all changes that happen in the system.
To learn more, read the [Audit]({{< relref "/how-to/audit" >}}) guide.

### Agent and message broker

Rhize collects data from multiple data sources and protocols.
To bridge the Rhize system with your devices, Rhize has an agent to collect data from OPC UA and MQTT servers.
The Rhize agent listens for your devices' messages and publishes them to the message broker. 

> Based on NATS, Rhize's message broker decouples communication through a publish and subscribe pattern.

Author: ```suggestion
Based on NATS, Rhize's message broker decouples communication through a publish-and-subscribe pattern.
```

Mission-critical systems such as an MES must be highly reliable and available.
Information flows in manufacturing can also have very high demands for CPU, network throughput, and memory.

The design of Rhize accommodates horizontal scaling, where the application runs in clusters of multiple computers.
This distributed execution ensures that the system continues functioning during upgrades, periods of high use, and momentary failures in single nodes.
Specifically, Rhize uses Kubernetes for container orchestration, a distributed, ACID-compliant database, and a message broker that uses replication to harden against failure.

The reliance on open source also means that your operators do not need to learn a specialized skill to deploy Rhize.
It uses the same cloud-native applications that power the modern web.

Read all about how to Deploy Rhize in the [Deploy]({{< relref "/deploy" >}}) guides.

## Install

To install, read the [Install guide]({{< relref "/deploy/install" >}}).
Or, if upgrading from a release candidate, use the [Upgrade guide]({{< relref "/deploy/upgrade" >}}).
If upgrading, be sure to review the changelog to be aware of any possible breaking changes.

### Assets

> - [`rhize-3.0.0-checksums.txt`](/releases/checksums/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [`rhize-3.0.0-checksums.txt`](https://github.com/libremfg/libremfg.github.io/blob/main/content/releases/checksums/TODO)
```

- **Standardization.**
  The database schema enforces standardization using a data model that adequately represents an entire manufacturing operation.
  All data stored in Rhize has a common structure, unlike the heterogeneous data of a data lake.
- **Graph Structures.**
  The graph database represents the object model of ISA-95 exactly.
  Every event in a manufacturing process is connected to all other events.
  For example, a job response might have associated operations requests, personnel, equipment, and materials that are consumed and produced.
  All these objects have their associated classes, instances, and contexts (where context could be a time range, operations segment, or zone of information exchange).
- **Intuitive, minimal queries**. The Rhize DB is exposed through a GraphQL API, which provides a complete interface through a single endpoint.
  Users query exactly what they want without needing to handle the relational algebra of SQL or the overfetching of a REST API.

With standardization, graph structure, and complete interfaces, the Rhize DB thus constitutes a knowledge graph that represents the entire state of a manufacturing operation.

> Users use this knowledge graph to run simulations, discover optimizations, and train machine-learning models for predictive analysis.

Author: ```suggestion
Users use this knowledge graph to analyze processes, discover optimizations, and train machine-learning models for predictive analysis.
```

You can read and write to the knowledge graph through a GraphQL explorer, a BPMN workflow, a custom frontend, or through the Modelling UI.
To learn how to use GraphQL for manufacturing analysis, read the [Rhize guide to GraphQL]({{< relref "how-to/gql" >}}).

### Modelling UI

> The Admin UI  is a graphical interface to model and store the objects in your manufacturing process. Without needing programming knowledge, your operators can use the Admin UI to define the items in your role-based equipment hierarchy. For example, you can create and associate equipment with equipment classes, hierarchy scopes, data sources, and segments―all the objects that change infrequently.

Author: ```suggestion
The Admin UI  is a graphical interface to model and store the objects in your manufacturing process. Without needing programming knowledge, users can use the Admin UI to define the items in your role-based equipment hierarchy. For example, you can create and associate equipment with equipment classes, hierarchy scopes, data sources, and segments―all the objects that change infrequently.
```

To learn more, read the [Model objects]({{< relref "/how-to/model/create-objects-ui/" >}}) guide and its corresponding topic that describes the [Master definitions and fields]({{< relref "/how-to/model/master-definitions/" >}}).

### Low-code workflow orchestration

While some aspects of manufacturing, such as the plant site, are constant, most manufacturing data is emitted dynamically during production.
Rhize's {{< abbr "BPMN" >}} editor provides a graphical interface to listen to events, write logic based on event conditions, and process data to send to other devices or store in the knowledge graph.
It has gateways to represent conditions, messaging to subscribe and publish to topics, and a JSON interpreter to transform variables and process manufacturing data in batches.

For example, you can write a BPMN workflow to do any combination of the following:
- Automatically write the values associated with a specific job to the database
- Evaluate incoming data for conditions and write logic to transform this data and send it
- Subscribe and publish to topics, coordinating communication between systems

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Listen to events and read and write machine data through OPC-UA
```
